Ideas: 

Dead Eldest Son 
Snobby Elder Son
Middle Son Used as political pawn
Younger Middle Daughter is very responsible
Youngest Son is a replacement of the dead youngest son, is a young god of chaos

(will be built upon)


Dead Eldest Son:

Secretly killed the king, was hunted down and used for experiments by an evil organization father secretly formed.
He is not truly dead. But some might say his soul is. He was a loved prince, so his capture was covered up. 
His fiance is still doing everything to find out what happened to him. He is aware of his younger siblings, since he left clues for those investigating.
While he keeps up appearences of being a happy prince, he is often alone after the death of the youngest.


Fiance of Eldest Son: 


Snobby Elder Son:

While this son is very intelligent, he has classist views and his decisions only benefit his family and the nobility. 
He believes commonors killed his father, which is the source for his hatred. He had a very good relationship with both
his older brother and father, but after both of them gone he feels left in their shadow.
Basically, he is snobby because he believes his loved ones left him behind. The only one who understands him is the Middle Daughter.
While he is not adept in any type of battle, he is very involved with political affairs of the empire.

Middle Son:
Married off as a political pawn. He is very hedonistic and childish. He sees the world as his playground, and is not entirely aware he is being used.
At least his siblings don't realize he is aware he is being used. He believes if he follows his brother's (Elder) orders it will make his family happy.
Many see his existance as disgraceful because his mother was the only commoner wife of the King. He secretly hates his wife, and has always been in love 
with a girl who resides in another country. This girl stayed with his father's  family along with her brother because of ongoing political conflict in the
country.

Younger Middle Daughter:

A very loved princess who cares about the people. Despite differing philosophies than her Elder brother, she is closest to him. This is because after 
chaos in the palace, all children were sent to live with their maternal families and they share the same mother. After the children were allowed back into 
the palace and take up their duties, she had assumed position of Commanding General of the Imperial Army. Graceful and beautiful, but also very gritty and
assertive when needed. It is worth noting that her and Elder Son do not have a good relationship with mother, but are full siblings, so they care each other
more so than the others. (detail might be important)


Youngest Son
Has previously died in an accident. Now the new god of chaos occupies his body. His father's organization was solely for bringing back his youngest and a cult 
for the god of chaos. It was successful, the young god is in the body, has all memories, but needs to learn how to be human. (he is brand new to
life in general).  The reason this was attempted is something along the lines of the king seeing all his other children as useless and unfit to serve.
He believed he created and raised the perfect son fit as a ruler and maybe to completely serve a selfish higher power that created the god of chaos.
Siblings think he is still dead, his body has matured, and Father was not aware his experiment was successful
(Possibly cue the dunegeon seen because his body was moved to the cult's last resort area in fear of Eldest brother ruining efforts after killing King)


(Should we add cutscenes for him killing the king? Like if there was some kind of sealed memory you found and you kinda got a flashback looking thing) YES
